Next topic is events.
Unlike real-world events blockchain events happen in large numbers sometimes.
One transaction might cause a lot of events to happen.
One of the best things you can do as a DAPP developer is to ensure that you
provide from the very beginning in your app an ability to easily surface the events.
Whether that is a indicator that goes to a different view or you have chose,
you need to have the ability to make sure these events are surfaced.
Now, this is a double-edged sword.
You want to surface the events,
but you also do not want to annoy the user.
So it's very important that if you do have
a mechanism such as a toast mechanism to surface events,
and the results to the user that you also have the ability to group them,
to filter them, and potentially to have the user squelch them.
So events can be very important,
because they can give the user that
confidence that is not possible to get with DAPPS today,
as opposed to mobile apps and web apps where the feedback is very instant and you can
have things like on a mobile app you
might shake the screen if something bad is happening,
on a web app you might show something full-screen etc.
It's really hard to do in a DAPP when the user might be in
the middle of some important task and maybe an event notification comes in,
that a prior transaction is completed.
You do not want to disturb them,
yet, you do want to communicate that.
So choose carefully and you should be able to come up with
a balance where you don't have the user barraged with a lot of event notifications,
but you also can make sure that they get the important information.
One way to do that,
is in your smart contract code
perhaps makes sure that every event has some user priority indicator,
that way front-end apps which you may not have control over,
can consume and use to determine is this something that's super-critical that must be
shown to the user immediately or is this just this thing happened we let it go.
So those are some techniques you can use.
I really like using a standard value that in the events that are emitted that
is explicitly designed for client apps to consume to determine what action to take.